Level0 JIT compilation (#1221)
pocl/pocl: doc/sphinx/source/level0.rst

Doesnt work / missing
-----------------------

 * ZE_MEMORY_ADVICE_SET_READ_MOSTLY optimization
 * support for row_pitch/slice_pitch arguments of Image APIs
 *   ... there are actually two Level0 extension APIs that have the
 *   row/pitch as arguments, but they return ZE_RESULT_ERROR_UNSUPPORTED_FEATURE

Extra features / tunables
--------------------------

POCL_LEVEL0_JIT env variable can be used to enable JIT compilation (kernels are

> compiled when launched instead of clBuildProgram-time). Useful with programs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compiled "lazily" only when launched instead of eagerly clBuildProgram-time). Useful with programs
```

> that have thousands of kernels (e.g. from templated code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that have thousands of kernels (e.g. from heavily templated libraries).
```
